"Play Date" by dialecticdreamer
Summary: Edison asks Boss Blaster for formal permission to visit regularly.
Before Edison and Hali begin playing together regularly. (Not sure if we've seen this happen.)
After "Engine Noise" (Nov 14) since that's where they first do tech stuff together.
After "Handshake Deal" (Nov 22) since that's where Blaster learns about the lead pipes,
and Edison here mentions that the city government haven't fixed the water pipes.
I think this must be before "Growing Skills" (Dec 17) since that mentions this in past tense.
I think this is before "Ice Cream and Ocean Waves", since Edison is there coming for a date alone
(except for Whirlwind who 'ported him), which I think is _probably_ before "Pastafarian Potluck".
https://dialecticdreamer.dreamwidth.org/712878.html
Posted to DW: 2020-03-26 11:26
--
Blaster gets call, talks to Cas about it, then Edison+Bethan arrive
Blaster asks Cas to prep refreshments while they're gone
They drive to a race track
Edison+Blaster play around with the engine, while Bethan drives around the track
--
I'd guess this all takes at least one hour, more likely several, before they're back.
--
Cas has met Edison before, suggests he and Blaster have met up several times to work on
Blaster's SUV engine, but it _might_ have been referring to just that one time in "Engine Noise"
even though that doesn't really sound like quite the same thing (might have been after the story)
--
Active characters: Boss Blaster, Edison, Bethan
Cas is also there/busy for part of it, though less so
----
Possible dates, and what other stories might stop it from being at each date:
November:
 Su 22 : "Handshake Deal" + "Doing Business with Lead-Pipe Cruelty" : FB finds out about lead pipes
 Mo 23
 Tu 24
 We 25 : "Welcome, Mister Maxwell", "Giveaway Games", "What’s In a Name?" : first park giveaway, ++
 Th 26
 Fr 27
 Sa 28
 Su 29 : "Exist Without Permission" : Blaster learns about the sky rats
 Mo 30 : "Independence in Action" : Blaster meets Lolly (after school), buys her a coat
December:
 Tu 01
 We 02 : "The Highest-Paid Professional Women" : Blaster&co talk with a nun about hookers
 Th 03
 Fr 04 : "Keeping In Line" through "Mending a Broken System" : Lolly gets help from Blaster & Dr.G
 Sa 05
 Su 06 : "Not a Sudden Problem" : Cas caught up in fight, processing by cops takes a while
 Mo 07 | I think one of these 3 days : "Reassuring Rituals" : Cas busy being taken care of by Bennett
 Tu 08 /
 We 09 : "Potlatch Politics" : second park giveaway
 Th 10
 Fr 11 : "Cementing In", "Traveling Disruptions" : S+T pour concrete in park, Fraz+Vi try to rob Dean
 Sa 12 : "Another Favor" through "Breaking the Grip of a Nightmare" : Cas busy with legalities
 Su 13 : "Exist Without Permission" : Blaster worries about Jewel (sky rat), calls in Heron
 Mo 14 : "Canvassing the Neighborhood" : Blaster & co are home around one o'clock
 Tu 15 : "Preparing for More" : Blaster, S+T, Cash ++ add water fountain+sign to the park
 We 16 : "Pastafarian Potluck" : third park giveaway, with Finn visitors, including Edison
 Th 17 : "Growing Skills" : Heron visits Jewel, Edison's formal meeting is mentioned in past tense
I also think "Play Dates for Everyone" is somewhere in here between December 13th and 18th
----
So, if we assume it's on a day that nothing else happens with the Broken Angels, that
eliminates 14 possible dates (plus the 2 end dates), leaving only 10 options.
Some of those 14 dates don't really fill the day, though, so they might still be used.
